hey guys it's going so here I looking
back to locks up lemay love this is the
series where we are trying to free Erik
Lamela from jail because he was said
there for match-fixing now in the
previous episode which by the way thank
you so much for the support on
absolutely amazing 274 likes I'm so
grateful but like I was saying Lamela
was sent to solitary confinement which
he is now out of because he got a red
card in the game and the warden was not
impressed and sentenced to solitary
confinement when it goes out he was
having a little chat with Daniel
Sturridge and he won't stand of storage
to join his team the inmates a team that
he is a captain of he wants a new talent
upfront and he's found out that
Sturridge was recently convicted so he
went after him and tried to get him to
when she has done he's also got Anita
now Daniel stone is in jail for money
fraud he was given the opportunity to
make a load of money but it was dirty
money laundered money and the bank found
out and sent him to jail anita was doing
drugs on the streets and selling them so
he was found out by an undercover cop
and he was then sent to jail as well to
join our inmates team and this is what
we're going to go with full episodes
every episode we play one game with this
team at the start and then two games
with our other fundraising team so this
is the tomb let me come up against a
very very strong silver team with few
gallery in goal so I was pretty worried
about as well and it was genuinely the
most boring game of fifa I've ever
played it was so tough for both of us to
break each other down Butler javis is
completely through in the 81st minute
does Barry it to make that our first
goal and only goal of the match giving
us 730 Quinn's adding another winsome
tally so far we haven't lost which is
fantastic and some of you may not know
about this this is the wardens checklist
and the reason I haven't been showing it
is because llamala has not been
completing any of the wardens objectives
and as you can imagine the warden is not
happy about this inflow mela doesn't
start performing in the next episode
Lamela is going to be stripped of his
captaincy so he will no longer be
captain selling the next episode we have
really got to perform with lamella and
make sure
does very well but this is the
fundraising team if you haven't used it
and if we do get one more women's team
then we are allowed to change our second
team which would be great because I've
been losing that to him for ages it's a
very very solid team that the love has
got like thirty three girls to me in 26
games he's amazing but I think it's time
for a new team but Raphael Sobeys is
through here it does smack it into the
back of the net make it one nil and
giving us a nice lead early on that kid
our does end up burying a lovely little
girl there 59th minute there
unfortunately does equalize but we do
Barry ain't never with a glove he is
just an absolute go machine and
unfortunately he gets the equalizer
fairly late on with robin van persie to
make it too old meaning that game we
have drawn to all but we did get 725
Queens and we still haven't lost any at
all which is amazing i don't know how
i've done it because I've been playing
awful lately on FIFA but like you see
there we are still getting the coin
boost from the mailer selling drugs if
you don't know about that check out the
previous episodes and that will fill you
in on everything that you need to know
but we can't get this guy and it's got a
very very nice team parser which is an
SD who does decide to a bit over to
thank enough who has a shot parried over
to refer also beasts who does end up put
it in the back of net in the 44th minute
to give us a nice lead and that glove is
completely through this guy is just an
absolute machine and it does tend to
bury it in the back of it in the 66th
minute but this guy is on the attack
with deal Atari and it does manage to
get past our defense and gets a goal but
the game does finish there at 21 given
us 736 coins adding to our wins and
because we finally won our 20th game
that means we can change the sphere up
but before we do should show you how
good this team's been 33 goals in 26
games with a glove and then Rafael snow
beast has got 18 in 26 fantastic for a
centre-forward 10 in 26 foot colors and
water and five and twenty six Ford
elisandra an amazing team it's gonna be
tough to beat it but now it's time for
you guys to suggest a bradley tube that
we gonna go for the next ten wins with
it can be anything you like
any formation any players and maybe a
silver too I haven't used a good silver
team yet one that I'm actually genuinely
comfortable with palin and i don't know
why i cut in Silver's but if you have an
amazing silver team that could sort of
help me into silver teams a nice really
solid silver team that would be amazing
but if it's gold suggested anyway just
send it to me on twitter at toby
leighton that is the best way without a
doubt just linked a foot head or foot
whistling and that will be amazing but
thank you so much guys thank you for
watching I do hope you have enjoyed this
and if you have maybe you can consider
smacking that like button because it
really does motivate me and it does help
me out a app salute load but regardless
thank you so much watching guys have an
amazing day take care and goodbye